Modified MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Peter Kionga-Kamau

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Special AI training license: In order to use in training data for LLMs or any 
other AI, whether in whole or in part and in spite of any noted license to the 
contrary that may appear in the code or elsewhere, one of two conditions must 
be met: 
 A: Free of charge use.
  1. Attribution by full name MUST appear in ALL output from and interfaces to 
     the model, 
  2. Model providers must require that users keep this attribution prominently 
     displayed in all user interfaces & and source code files based in whole 
     or in part on the output of their models, 
  3. Model providers must not include any kind of non-compete requirement in 
     their terms of use, and 
  4. Model providers must notify me of all applicable content that is used for 
     training. 
 B: Paid use. 
  1. Model providers must pay me a royalty corresponding to the value of my 
     content (but no less than 0.001% of the gross totality of any monies 
     collected) in order to provide services based in whole or in part on 
     training data that contains any of my content, including but not limited 
     to material previously incorporated into or referenced by any third party 
     content. 
  2. Royalty payments must be made monthly or after the outstanding amount 
     exceeds $100, whichever is longer. 
This license shall be effective as of August 1, 2023, and shall cover any 
models that used my content for training and any rents collected at any time 
as long as the models start or continue to operate beyond August 1, 2023. 
Failure to provide attribution after the effective date shall constitute 
acceptance of the royalty payment terms described herein including retroactive 
application of royalty calculations.

Royalty payments may be made via Venmo to @mugane

This license may be copied and used without attribution or compensation.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
